[charts] The `use[Type]Series([])` return empty array (#21001)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/migration/migration-charts-v8/migration-charts-v8.md

+  hideLegend
 />
```

## Hooks

### `use[Type]Series()` with empty array

> When hooks `use[Type]Series()` received an empty array, they were returning all the available series of the given type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `use[Type]Series()` hooks received an empty array, they returned all the available series of the given type.
```
